alerting-conversion-rate.md (#15650)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/explorer/visualize.md

{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/explorer/visualize/funnel_updated.mp4" alt="Funnel graph in the RUM Explorer" video="true" width="100%" >}}

> You can analyze user journeys in a [notebook][6] by exporting the funnel widget into an existing notebook or by creating a funnel widget in an existing notebook. For more information, see [Export RUM Events][7]. You can also alert on conversion rate/drop off rate by exporting the data points to a monitor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can analyze user journeys in a [notebook][6] by exporting the funnel widget into an existing notebook or by creating a funnel widget in an existing notebook. For more information, see [Export RUM Events][7]. You can also alert on conversion and drop off rates by exporting the data points to a monitor.
```
